README.md, before:

[![Tests and Linter checks](https://github.com/partisiablockchainapplications/CoreContracts/actions/workflows/basic.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/partisiablockchainapplications/CoreContracts/actions/workflows/basic.yml)

# Partisia Core Contracts

## Contracts

| Name                                                   | Description                                                               |
| ------------------------------------------------------ | ------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [`MPC20`](contracts/mpc20/)                            | Implementation of ERC20 Interface                                         |
| [`MPC721`](contracts/mpc721/)                          | Implementation of ERC721 Interface                                        |
| [`MPC1155`](contracts/mpc1155/)                        | Implementation of ERC1155 Interface                                       |
| [`MPC20-Staking`](contracts/mpc20-staking)             | Implementation of ERC20 Interface with staking mechanism                  |
| [`MPC20-BYOC`](contracts/mpc20-byoc)                   | Implementation of ERC20 Interface with wrapping mechanism for BYOC tokens |
| [`MPC721-Payble-Mint`](contracts/mpc721-payable-mint/) | Implementation of ERC721 Interface with payable mint feature              |
| [`MPC1-Multisig`](contracts/mpc1-multisig)             | On-chain multisig contract                                                |

## Packages

| Name                                                  | Description                                 |
| ----------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| [`Access Control`](packages/access-control-base/)     | Access Control Smart Contract Extension Lib |
| [`Contract Version`](packages/contract-version-base/) | Contract Versioning Lib                     |
| [`Counter`](packages/counter-base/)                   | Counters Lib                                |
| [`Ownable`](packages/ownable-base/)                   | Ownable Smart Contract Extension Lib        |
| [`Pausable`](packages/pausable-base/)                 | Pausable Smart Contract Extension Lib       |
| [`Utils`](packages/utils/)                            | Set of tool for Smart Contracts             |

## Test

Run `cargo test` to run all unit tests

## How to build contracts

Currently `partisia-contract` sdk doesn't support Rust Workspaces.
So to build contracts from this repo on your own you will need to:

1. Clone this repo
2. Create a new contract outside this folder
3. Import {contract}-base package from `packages/` folder.
4. Copy all the files from selected contract, for example from `contracts/mpc20`
5. Run `cargo partisia-contract build --release` command.

Or you can download pre-compiled artifacts from [`here`](https://github.com/partisiablockchainapplications/CoreContracts/releases)

Commit message:

:recycle: init: setting up the repo and readme

README.md, after:

[![Tests and Linter checks](https://github.com/partisiablockchainapplications/CoreContracts/actions/workflows/basic.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/partisiablockchainapplications/CoreContracts/actions/workflows/basic.yml)

# MUWPay application

Monorepo showcasing the development of the Muwpay  multi token wallet application (inclusing the smart contracts on partisia and web application).

## Packages 
                                              |

## Build instructions:

- build the smart contracts for specific package: `nx run build:contracts`.
- pass the wasm runtime and file to the online ABI format


## Test:


## How to build contracts


The package/contracts folder contains 


1. Clone this repo
2. Create a new contract outside this folder
3. Import {contract}-base package from `packages/` folder.
4. Copy all the files from selected contract, for example from `contracts/mpc20`
5. Run `cargo partisia-contract build --release` command.

Or you can download pre-compiled artifacts from [`here`](https://github.com/partisiablockchainapplications/CoreContracts/releases)
